Review 'Tutorial topic' page (#722)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/structure/topic-types/tutorial/index.md

- In demo repositories that the user clones locally

For example, the [Play with Grafana Mimir](https://grafana.com/tutorials/play-with-grafana-mimir/) tutorial provides a repository that users can clone to complete the tutorial.

> As a comparison, the [Store exemplars in Grafana Mimir](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/manage/use-exemplars/store-exemplars/) topic is a pure task that a user would follow to complete their work.

Reviewer: This topic goes to great lengths to explain the distinction between a tutorial and a task-oriented topic (what is commonly referred to as a how-to guide). Then why does this sentence tell us that a tutorial can be composed purely of a task? This is confusing.

Author: I think it is saying that _Store exemplars in Grafana Mimir_ is a task topic and not a tutorial.

Reviewer: In that case, it's a contrast not a comparison. I have added an appropriate suggestion.

Author: Makes sense! Thanks for the suggestion, please re-review and remove the request for changes if you are happy :)

> As a comparison, the [Store exemplars in Grafana Mimir](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/manage/use-exemplars/store-exemplars/) topic is a pure task that a user would follow to complete their work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, the [Store exemplars in Grafana Mimir](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/manage/use-exemplars/store-exemplars/) topic is a pure task that a user would follow to complete their work. For guidance on writing tasks, see [Tasks](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/structure/topic-types/task/).
```

> In contrast, the [Store exemplars in Grafana Mimir](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/manage/use-exemplars/store-exemplars/) topic is a pure task that a user would follow to complete their work. For guidance on writing tasks, see [Tasks](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/structure/topic-types/task/).

Author: ```suggestion
In contrast, the [Store exemplars in Grafana Mimir](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/manage/use-exemplars/store-exemplars/) topic is a pure task that a user would follow to complete their work.
For guidance on writing tasks, refer to [Tasks](https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/structure/topic-types/task/).
```
